how's it going guys Matt dear this past
Monday we surprised one of our biggest
fans Nelly for a while she wanted to
start a YouTube channel but she
explained to us that she's been too shy
and too scared to put herself out there
eventually we convinced her to start and
now she's got her first two videos up
welcome to my vlog right now I'm with
the guys generation why not so that's
why I thought today I talked about how
we got started and what worked for us
we're gonna take into three steps three
things that helped us start and continue
number one starting allowed us to test
whether or not we actually liked making
YouTube videos truth is we could have
hated it but at least we wanted to give
it a shot it was an idea in our head and
we had to get it out and by getting
started with nobody watching except for
a few of our friends we were allowed to
make mistakes and that's what's so cool
about it so we use that time to test
different ideas out of what our channel
would be like in the beginning we didn't
even know if you were gonna narrate we
didn't know how it would work we had no
idea how these videos we're gonna come
out we didn't know how we were gonna
tell the stories and it's taken a few
months and we finally gotten our style
down but that's just through iteration
we didn't expect to be good when we
started in fact we expected to sec hold
on here's an example this is one of
Thomas's first YouTube videos did you
know that lemon water is actually fully
potassium vitamin C's pectin fibers and
will balance your pH levels now you're
probably asking yourself why does this
all matter well have some 4 main
benefits it will boost your immune
system it will help you feel more
energized throughout the day make you
feel happy yeah
number 2 the key for us when we started
was to have a sense of urgency and
that's why we came up with the idea for
project 30 where we would make 30 videos
in 30 days doing 30 things we've never
done before it seemed like an impossible
task but by being able to do one video
every day and then moving on to the next
one we were able to build momentum our
focus was on action an action eliminated
our doubt we'd often put out a video at
midnight and then immediately focus on
the next one for the next day and that's
why we make two videos a week now
because if one of them sucks if this one
sucks we'll learn from it and we'll keep
going and we'll keep iterating so by
setting up a time restricting schedule
for ourselves we're able to put out a
lot more Khan
and learned a lot more from our mistakes
number three we take it like a marathon
in May of this year I ran my first
marathon and while I was starting to
train for it I read an article that
explained how to approach a marathon and
it said that in the back of your mind
you should have this vision of what this
whole marathon is gonna be like but the
focus 95% of the focus should be on the
mile that you're working on and once
you're done with that first mile once
you're done with that second mile you
focus on the next one and after each
mile you have like a mini celebration
inside actually you know what my boy
Will Smith says it better than I can you
don't try to build a wall you don't set
out to build a wall you don't say I'm
gonna bake this you know the biggest
fattest greatest wall that's ever been
built you don't start there you say I'm
gonna lay this brick as perfectly as a
brick can be laid and you do that every
single day so you have assume you have a
wall and the truth is any successful
project any successful career any
successful business it takes so much
time and dedicated effort so with this
YouTube channel we're not looking for an
overnight success we know that it's
gonna take years that's what's so cool
is that you put in all this effort and
eventually it's rewarded I know it's not
much but these are the three things that
really helped the way we think and how
we approach this project I hope it
helped you and now I'm gonna go thanks
for watching guys much love